# Introduction

Trogawa Inc. is a successful and expanding company providing various SaaS services for video and movie editing for major Hollywood brands and Influencers alike.

A network administrator recently detected and recorded suspicious HTTP traffic from an external IP `154.49.2.126`. He now asks you to analyze the recorded traffic.

Download the PCAP file from `RESOURCES` and check its integrity by calculating and comparing the MD5 checksum.

`MD5 (c6-traffic.pcap) = b0291d462b12b3e5ee29d4affaf6d879`

Goal and Tasks

Analyze the given network traffic and answer to the following questions in a written report:

	- Analyze the connection establishments between the client and the server within the first 20 packets of the PCAP file. List all successful TCP handshakes with the corresponding packet numbers and the control flags in the TCP header and specify the total number of handshakes.
	- What type of request does the client sends repeatedly after a connection has been established? Indicate the TCP control flags and briefly explain their intention as well as the server-side impact.
	- What kind of attack is being carried out here? Categorize and characterize the attack as accurately as possible.
	- Analyze the information about the user agent that the client claims to use. Specify the operating (OS) system and the browser, both including its version.
	- Which security goal is being defeated according to the CIA Triad?
	- Which threat actor goal is being achieved according to the DAD Triad?

# Submission

Submit a written report as PDF document with your answers. Make sure that your answers can be clearly assigned to the question numbers in the goal and task section.  
